Issues with changing an offer (#308)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/manage-teacher-training-applications/2021-02-01-issues-with-changing-an-offer.md

---
title: Issues with changing an offer
description: Various issues with changing the details of an offer as a user who belongs to an accredited body or a school direct
date: 2021-02-01
---

> The way changing an offer works as an accredited body is buggy, confusing and inconsistent with how it works as a training provider.

Author: ```suggestion
The way changing an offer works as an accredited body or school direct can be buggy, confusing and inconsistent.
```

This post explains some of the issues.

## Changing the training provider if you’re an accredited body

Scenario:

> Given I belong to an accredited body
> Who ratifies courses at multiple training providers
> And I have the ‘make decisions’ permission
> When I click ‘change provider’
> I am taken to a page with just my accredited body as a pre-selected radio button

Issues:

- There shouldn’t be a ‘change’ link if the user cannot actually change the provider.
- It says ‘provider’ on the offer panel and it says ‘training provider’ on the next screen, but it actually shows the accredited body.

Questions:

> - When changing the provider should we give the user a list of all school direct partners? Probably.

Author: ```suggestion
- Should we give the user a list of all school direct partners? Probably.
```

## Changing the course if you’re an accredited body

Scenario:

> Given I belong to an accredited body
> Who ratifies courses at the training provider
> And I have the ‘make decisions’ permission
> When I click ‘change course’
> I am taken to a page that lists all the courses that the training provider runs

Issues:

- The user should only see courses that they accredit.

> - The ‘change link’ appears because the selected training provider has multiple courses - it should only appear if the currently selected training provider runs multiple courses that the accredited body ratifies.

Author: ```suggestion
- The ‘change’ link appears because the selected training provider has multiple courses - it should only appear if the currently selected training provider runs multiple courses that the accredited body ratifies.
```

Questions:

- Should we give the user a list of all school direct partners? Probably.

## Changing the course as an accredited body

Scenario:

> Given I belong to an accredited body
> Who ratifies courses at the training provider
> And I have the ‘make decisions’ permission
> When I click ‘change course’
> And I select a course that I do not ratify
> And I try and complete the flow
> I get an error preventing me from doing that

Issues:

- The user should only see courses that they ratify.
- The ‘change’ link appears because the selected training provider has multiple courses - it should only appear if the currently selected training provider runs multiple courses that the accredited body ratifies.

## Changing to a course ratified by a different accredited body as a school direct

Scenario:

> Given I belong to a school direct
> Who runs courses ratified by multiple accredited bodies
> And I have the ‘make decisions’ permission
> When I click ‘change course’
> And I select a course that’s ratified by a different accredited body
> And I try and complete the flow
> I get an error preventing me from doing that

Issues:

> - The school direct should be able to change to any course they run.

Author: No, I will make that clear in the post.
